doc: IronSide SE +30 (#28921)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/crypto/crypto_supported_features.rst

                 - Supported
                 - Supported
                 - --

   .. tab:: nRF54H Series

      The following table lists the supported side-channel countermeasures for nRF54H Series devices.

      .. tabs::

         .. tab:: CRACEN

            .. note::

>                On nRF54H20, countermeasures are part of the IronSide SE firmware and cannot be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               On the nRF54H20 SoC, countermeasures are part of the |ISE| firmware and cannot be configured.
```

            .. list-table:: Side-channel countermeasures support (CRACEN driver) - nRF54H Series
               :header-rows: 1
               :widths: auto

               * - Countermeasure
                 - Configuration option
                 - nRF54H20
               * - ECC scalar randomization
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_ECC_COUNTERMEASURES`

>                  - Enabled in IronSide SE 23.7.0 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 - Enabled in |ISE| 23.7.0 or later
```

               * - ECC projective coordinate randomization
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_ECC_COUNTERMEASURES`

>                  - Enabled in IronSide SE 23.7.0 or later

Reviewer 2: Please add all of the countermeasures from 54L tab, so that the tables are as aligned as possible. This is the pattern we apply for all sections on this page.

```suggestion
               * - Countermeasure
                 - Configuration option
                 - nRF54H20
               * - ECC scalar randomization
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_ECC_COUNTERMEASURES`
                 - Enabled in IronSide SE v23.7.0 and later
               * - ECC projective coordinate randomization
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_ECC_COUNTERMEASURES`
                 - Enabled in IronSide SE v23.7.0 and later
               * - ECC extended (Montgomery/Edwards)
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_LITE_ECC_COUNTERMEASURES_EXTENDED`
                 - --
               * - RSA exponent randomization
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_RSA_COUNTERMEASURES`
                 - --
               * - RSA modulus randomization
                 - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_RSA_COUNTERMEASURES`
                 - --  
```

>                  - Enabled in IronSide SE 23.7.0 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 - Enabled in |ISE| 23.7.0 or later
```
